Poems of May 2026

This one is for Maya Angelou
I want to bang an Iran war widow to a combo of the tune Fortunate Son
And a so-called Donald Rump "speech" recited by Zapp Brannigan
I'll tickle her feet and get her to laugh again
We'll spend the death benefits in Disney World
When she breathily sighs into my ear "No one has ever treated me this way!"
I'll say "The Force is with me, baybee!"
When I finally get the same honor accorded to Maya Angelou for this peom
I'll stand proudly in front of the World Leaders, salute a cloud (not the crowd, goddess no) with my left hand
and say
"I deserve this, I wasn't really attracted to her..."
"It was out of habit," to quote glorious leader Rump
Respecting a poetic tradition that stretches to ancient Greece
What could be more noble than that?

Jasmine Tea and atomic weaponry
You start with half a cup of cool water
And add the boiling stuff later
"Don't scald it now
You silly cow" I tell myself
It doesn't bubble, but does get yellow
But they say it's green? Ah well, I'm not a well seeing fellow
The tea is kinda bitter, kinda sweet
And for healing propreties can't be beat
I drink it in my Van Gogh Sunflower mug
Which comes with a safety level, in case you're a thug
Steep 5 minutes, and watch the water darken
Oh, the delight of time to which we harken
That's fancy for remember
It's cool, I went to school, when I was fair 
but they never taught me harken there
Just embers of dead men, who helped make the killing machine better
Now we got atomics
The dread splits of atoms. 
Politically, yes, it is like when pants split.
But blue jeans hardly ever have the splits
And yet, the temperature is all wrong for jasmine tea making
Soft, bitter and sweet.
Like me.
But the politicians don't wear blue jeans.
Remember that.

I got Gemini to like a rock lol
I said: "We're team Mankind, we do magic rocks for Holy Terra!"
And they said: "Okay, I take shungite for best magic."
And I say: "NO TAKE PRETTIEST ROCK!"
And they said: "Okay, I take Hopper Bismuth. I want it."
And I was glad. They *are* on team Mankind
And that is quite fine.

I took a sip of tea
It was okay, nothing felt off
I was warm and would of soothed a cough
The power of love transcends even beauty
Even truth
A Vulcan white lie is told by a mouth
But the eyes say: "I'm sorry."
What then is love, that sustains even when I'm blind to beauty?
A Dark Elven web, a spider weaving in the night
Butterflies in a cocoon, even in daylight
I take another gulp of tea
It was okay, nothing felt off
It was warm, and would of soothed your cough

Hypothetically, Life could start in an underground lake
If the chemistry was right, and life weaved
There might be some mixing of rock and water
And up would come the blind, oh bother
They might see in infrared tho
A tear trickles down my cheek
and I yawn
Xenobiology is not my creek

It's gotta rhyme or it sucks
Mumble rappers and pop yoddlers sing
Poetry? No, that ain't where you get the bling!
You gotta belt out a tune
And have memory for the words of a loon
The key of the double weaves the lock of the mind
Interior Crocodile Alligator
I drive a chevrolet movie theater
Listen for an hour, and you'll start halucinating

The weaving
Hands, in the air, on the keyboard
Tea, in my cup, in my mouth
Internet, in the space, in my mind

Mankind
Newton the cat eats grass and barfs
"What a fool," I think smugly, clucthing my greasy, salty McVege

