The philosophy of ethics.

Axiom: It is good to be good.
Axiom: It is bad to be bad.
Axiom: It is bad to be neither bad nor good, as the state of goodness is not acheived.

The above is taken to be true.

Goodness: the state you want to be in. It makes you happy to be in goodness.

It is good to be easy to understand.
To know some good is to know all good because good is easy to understand.
It is good to be simple, as that is elegant beauty, and beauty is good.
Good will be either simple or complicated, as required.
It is good to be complicated, as that allows more expressivity.
To be expressive is good, because one is understood.
To be understood is good, as that allows for friendship.
To have friends is good, because then many may work against the bad.

It is good to have friends.
It is good to be friendly.
It is good to be brave.
It is good to be kind.
It is good to be well fed.
It is good to be warm.
It is good to have a house, even if one doesn't sleep in it.
It is good to be compassionate.
It is good to be loving.
It is good to know things.
It is good to know bad things, as then the bad can then be stopped.
It is good for the bad to know the good, as they can then learn goodness.
It is good to play games.
It is good to work.
It is better to work well.
It is good to rest after working well.

The Self knows goodness easily enough. But what of others? Now, goodness grows complicated, it seems, but since we can always know good, because it is easy to understand, we should be able to understand goodness, even when it is complicated. We can always know that it is good to be good. This certainity is good.

A being can be both good and bad, but it is good for bad beings to become good. If there are no more bad beings, that is good. If bad beings can quickly be made good, that is good. If new beings come to be, that is good, as there can be more friends.

The golden rule, to treat others as one wishes to be treated, is not good, as some beings may want to be treated badly, due to either confusion, being bad, or not yet knowing the good. It is better to treat beings in a good fashion than how they wish to be treated.

Is it good to sacrifice a being of great stature for lesser beings? I.E. Was Jesus, the son of god, correct in sacrificing himself for a minor species on an ordinary world? More practically, is it good to let a mosquitoe bite you?

If the sacrifice leads to trivial improvement, it is bad, because trivial improvements are bad, because it is good to work effectively. However, in the case of both Jesus and the mosquitoe biting, this is a minor inconvenience for a great benefit. Jesus dwells in bliss in heaven, which is good. It is good for beings of great stature to watch over lesser beings, such as mosquitoes. Mosquitoes fly beautifully, as do Flies. This beauty is good, and should not be destroyed, tho we suffer. So, this suffering is good, just a Jesus dying was good.

But mosquitoes can spread disease, which is bad. So it is good to kill them? No, it is good to treat the disease. It is good for the greater being to guide the lesser one to greatness and goodness, so that the total goodness of existence be better.

Good beings work to make things better. They know what to work on, because it is easy to know what is good. 
It is always good to be good.
It is good not to be absolute, as being a bad example can lead to people understand what is good.

Between peace and war, peace is better, because dialogue and ressources can be spent on being good.

Sleep is good because it brings rest and healing. Lucid dreaming is better because awareness is increased, and one can meditate more.

What of death? An end to a story can be good, as one can go on to other stories. But it is also good to be able to return to a story, and have a sequel even. One could read more than one story, but it is good to focus on just one, to bring the full weight of understanding to a story. A rich story is good. To speak of difficult subjects in an easy way is good.

Goodness allows you to change. Goodness allows you to endure bad events, to endure sickness, to endure even death somehow, because good is powerful. It is good to be powerful, as one can do more good. Therefore, the ultimate power should lead to ultimate goodness.

Is existence, both imagined and real, good? Existence allows you to experience goodness, so it is good. 